In this lecture, we're going to look at the extent reports architecture and go over some more key information.
So as I mentioned in the last lecture, I will be creating a new class and this class will be responsible
for stored all the set up code we need in order to use extent reports.
So here is a sneak preview.
And this is continued on this second slide.
So don't worry if you don't understand this code, as I explain it when we come to writing it in the
next few lectures.
We will also be amending our listeners class to make use of event methods to carry out various extent
report tasks.
For example, we can use the on start event and we can use this to get the reports and to create a test.
We can use the unfinished finish event, which we used to call the dot flush method.
We have already seen on a test result which describes the result of a test.
I will also introduce ISIS context, which is a class that defines a tense context, which contains
all the information for a given test run.
And his diagram below shows you the difference between the two.
So on the on start method, I'm going to use in a test context, whereas on test starts and all the
other methods in the list in this class, I use my test result.
In a multithreaded environment, a race condition occurs when two or more threads attempt to update
shared data at the same time.
Java offers a mechanism to avoid race conditions by synchronizing free access to shared data.
So think of this as a coherent system.
A piece of logic marked with the synchronized keyword becomes a synchronized block, allowing only one
phrase to execute any given time.
You will find that I use a synchronized keyword in the extent manager and listeners class, and this
is to prevent racing conditions, for example, friends becoming confused with each other.
So our test will be amended to start using the extent report functionality.
So at the moment we have two test classes.
So for example.
You can see here on display in ad remove item basket test.
And here you can see extent logs, which will be displayed in a report that I've demonstrated in the
previous lecture.
These will be triggered when the code reaches these points.
So this slide gives you an overview of the design architecture.
So we have a base page that we're familiar with, but we'll be making a minor change to the code for
the screenshot functionality.
We also are going to create an extent manager and its extent manager class would extend the base page.
The extent manager class itself will contain only extent set up code.
We also have a Hook's class, which also extends the base page, but there's also no changes required
to the Hook's class.
Then we're going to have our listeners class where we're going to amend this to use trigger events to
do some actions linked to extended reports.
We are then going to amend our tests so that we include some log codes which will be reported in the
extent reports.
And then finally, our tests extends the Hook's class.
So this provides a high level overview of the architectural design of how we can implement extent reports
into our framework.
If this seems confusing, honestly, do not worry.
We'll go through each of these changes in detail in the following lectures.
Thank you for watching.